who are these people want to take
one-way trips they don't like it here on
earth are they the adventure types the
people who want to die young
what is who are these people I think
that what we see first of all is that
it's a it's everyone it's all kinds of
people its men and women all the young
its engineers of course scientists but
also politicians lawyer soldiers it's
all kinds of people and I think it's
actually very comparable to the kinds of
people that explored at the earth which
could also have been anyone anyone could
step on a ship and sail across the ocean
anyone could decide to leave their
village for new opportunities i was
looking up some numbers back then 500
years ago in the great age of
exploration most of the crew would not
return alive
you look at Magellan's crew how many he
went out with and how many came back
with alive I mean in some cases you lose
most of your crew and that's just here
on earth you can breathe the air and
food was there waiting for you when you
landed so many projections of survival
rate the design of our mission is not
detailed enough yet to give percentages
but I i am certain that it's not going
to be a safe mission to Mars because
there's no such thing as a safe mission
to Mars
I think it will be more risky than
climbing around Everest which is a
two-and-a-half percent risk of not
returning a life and hopefully less
dangerous than climbing k2 which has a
25-percent exploration has always been
dangerous and what's important for Mars
one is that we identify the risks we
make sure that everybody knows them not
just our candidates which is 44 damage
the most important but also our
investors our media partners the
audience and then if something doesn't
go wrong just like with you below
program people will understand that's
this was something that could happen you
know guaranteeing
complete survival because that's
inherent with being on the frontier of
discovering all of our candidates know
that this is a service commission and
they know that they are going on a
mission that's that has these kinds of
dangers